Remove known issue with MAC Apple processor (#6695)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/native-support/build-a-native-executable.md

> **Note:** 
> - On Windows, the native image requires Visual Studio Code and Microsoft Visual C++ (MSVC). For instructions on installing Visual Studio Code with the Windows 10 SDK, go to [Using GraalVM and Native Image on Windows 10](https://medium.com/graalvm/using-graalvm-and-native-image-on-windows-10-9954dc071311).

> > - On Mac with arm64 architecture, the Ballerina native image build will work with the Mac arm installer which is available in Ballerina 2201.5.0(Swan Lake) or greater.

Author: ```suggestion
> - On Mac with arm64 architecture, the Ballerina native image build will work with Ballerina 2201.5.0(Swan Lake) or greater. For more information, see [this issue comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/39003#issuecomment-1498765016).
```

> > - On Mac with arm64 architecture, the Ballerina native image build will work with Ballerina 2201.5.0(Swan Lake) or greater. For more information, see [this issue comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/39003#issuecomment-1498765016).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - On the ARM64 architecture of macOS, the Ballerina native image build will work with Ballerina 2201.5.0 (Swan Lake) or greater. For more information, see [this issue comment](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang/issues/39003#issuecomment-1498765016).
```
